README.md, before:

# Onion Garden

Welcome to the Onion Garden project! This repository contains the source code for our website, built using Next.js, React, and Tailwind CSS.

## About project

### Onion Garden: Sowing the Seeds of Success

Welcome to Onion Garden, where passion and dedication come together to bring you the freshest, highest-quality produce from our farm in Capivara, Bahia. Our journey began as a small group of farmers with a shared vision: to cultivate a better future for our community.

### From Seed to Plate

Our story starts with the selection of premium seeds, carefully chosen to ensure the best possible outcome. With each passing day, our team works tirelessly to nurture these seeds into the freshest, most delicious Cebola (onions), Tomate (tomatoes), and Feijão (beans) you'll ever taste.

### More Than Just a Farm

While we're proud of our core products, we don't stop there. We're always looking for ways to innovate and improve, whether it's through new crop varieties or sustainable farming practices. Our commitment to quality and customer satisfaction is unwavering, and we're excited to share our journey with you.

### Join the Onion Garden Community

Stay updated on our latest news, behind-the-scenes peeks at farm life, and mouthwatering recipes featuring our products! Follow us on Instagram [@OnionGarden](https://www.instagram.com/oniongarde/) and be part of our growing community!

## Technologies Used

-   **Next.js**: A popular React-based framework for building server-side rendered (SSR) and statically generated websites.
-   **React**: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
-   **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for styling our website.

## Project Structure

The project structure is as follows:

```bash
onion-garden/
README.md
next.config.mjs
tailwind.config.ts
package.json
public
src
...
src/
app
components
hooks
...
app/
contato
sobre
favicon.ico
globals.css
layout.tsx
page.tsx
...
components/
client
server
...
hooks/
usePage.ts
```

## How to Run the Project

To run the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository: \
   `git clone https://github.com/andresinho20049/onion-garden.git`
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Start the development server: `npm run dev`
4. Open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000`

## Contribution Guidelines

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please follow these guidelines:

1. Fork this repository: \
   `git fork https://github.com/andresinho20049/onion-garden.git`
2. Create a new branch for your changes: `git branch my-changes`
3. Make your changes and commit them: \
   `git add . && git commit -m "Added new feature"`
4. Push your changes to the remote repository: \
   `git push origin my-changes`

We appreciate any contributions, no matter how small!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Considerations

Discover the incredible world of onions and how they can bring people together! From farm-to-table meals to medicinal benefits, learn how nature's bounty can enrich your life. Follow [@OnionGarden](https://www.instagram.com/oniongarde/) for inspiring stories and stunning visuals!

> **Project**: Onion Garden \
> **Team**:
>
> -   Maciel (Stackholder)
> -   André (Developer)

Commit message:

refactor: Rename project from Onion Garden to Agrofonso across all relevant files

README.md, after:

# Agrofonso

Welcome to the Agrofonso project! This repository contains the source code for our website, built using Next.js, React, and Tailwind CSS.

## About project

### Agrofonso: Sowing the Seeds of Success

Welcome to Agrofonso, where passion and dedication come together to bring you the freshest, highest-quality produce from our farm in Capivara, Bahia. Our journey began as a small group of farmers with a shared vision: to cultivate a better future for our community.

### From Seed to Plate

Our story starts with the selection of premium seeds, carefully chosen to ensure the best possible outcome. With each passing day, our team works tirelessly to nurture these seeds into the freshest, most delicious Cebola (onions), Tomate (tomatoes), and Feijão (beans) you'll ever taste.

### More Than Just a Farm

While we're proud of our core products, we don't stop there. We're always looking for ways to innovate and improve, whether it's through new crop varieties or sustainable farming practices. Our commitment to quality and customer satisfaction is unwavering, and we're excited to share our journey with you.

### Join the Agrofonso Community

Stay updated on our latest news, behind-the-scenes peeks at farm life, and mouthwatering recipes featuring our products! Follow us on Instagram [@OnionGarden](https://www.instagram.com/oniongarde/) and be part of our growing community!

## Technologies Used

-   **Next.js**: A popular React-based framework for building server-side rendered (SSR) and statically generated websites.
-   **React**: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
-   **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for styling our website.

## Project Structure

The project structure is as follows:

```bash
onion-garden/
README.md
next.config.mjs
tailwind.config.ts
package.json
public
src
...
src/
app
components
hooks
...
app/
contato
sobre
favicon.ico
globals.css
layout.tsx
page.tsx
...
components/
client
server
...
hooks/
usePage.ts
```

## How to Run the Project

To run the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository: \
   `git clone https://github.com/andresinho20049/onion-garden.git`
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Start the development server: `npm run dev`
4. Open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000`

## Contribution Guidelines

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please follow these guidelines:

1. Fork this repository: \
   `git fork https://github.com/andresinho20049/onion-garden.git`
2. Create a new branch for your changes: `git branch my-changes`
3. Make your changes and commit them: \
   `git add . && git commit -m "Added new feature"`
4. Push your changes to the remote repository: \
   `git push origin my-changes`

We appreciate any contributions, no matter how small!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Considerations

Discover the incredible world of onions and how they can bring people together! From farm-to-table meals to medicinal benefits, learn how nature's bounty can enrich your life. Follow [@OnionGarden](https://www.instagram.com/oniongarde/) for inspiring stories and stunning visuals!

> **Project**: Agrofonso \
> **Team**:
>
> -   Maciel (Stackholder)
> -   André (Developer)
